README.md, before:

# Cake.ReSharperReports

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](http://cake-contrib.mit-license.org)

Cake.ReSharperReports is an Addin for [Cake](http://cakebuild.net/) which allows the creation of a human readable HTML version of the XML Reports which are generated by the JetBrains Command Line Tools:

- [DupFinder](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/NETCOM/Introducing+dupFinder)
- [InspectCode](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/NETCOM/Introducing+InspectCode)

## Information

| |Stable|Pre-release|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|GitHub Release|-|[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports/releases/latest)|
|NuGet|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cake.ReSharperReports.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.ReSharperReports)|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Cake.ReSharperReports.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.ReSharperReports)|

## Build Status

|Develop|Master|
|:--:|:--:|
|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jqo5abjlr9sqt4uh/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-resharperreports/branch/develop)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jqo5abjlr9sqt4uh/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-resharperreports/branch/master)|

## Code Coverage

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports?branch=develop)

## Quick Links

- [Documentation](https://cake-contrib.github.io/Cake.ReSharperReports/)

## Chat Room

Come join in the conversation about Cake.ReSharperReports in our Gitter Chat Room.

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby](https://badges.gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby.svg)](https://gitter.im/cake-contrib/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Commit message:

(GH-43) Remove reference to Gitter

README.md, after:

# Cake.ReSharperReports

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg)](http://cake-contrib.mit-license.org)

Cake.ReSharperReports is an Addin for [Cake](http://cakebuild.net/) which allows the creation of a human readable HTML version of the XML Reports which are generated by the JetBrains Command Line Tools:

- [DupFinder](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/NETCOM/Introducing+dupFinder)
- [InspectCode](https://confluence.jetbrains.com/display/NETCOM/Introducing+InspectCode)

## Information

| |Stable|Pre-release|
|:--:|:--:|:--:|
|GitHub Release|-|[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports.svg)](https://github.com/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports/releases/latest)|
|NuGet|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Cake.ReSharperReports.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.ReSharperReports)|[![NuGet](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/Cake.ReSharperReports.svg)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Cake.ReSharperReports)|

## Build Status

|Develop|Master|
|:--:|:--:|
|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jqo5abjlr9sqt4uh/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-resharperreports/branch/develop)|[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/jqo5abjlr9sqt4uh/branch/develop?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cakecontrib/cake-resharperreports/branch/master)|

## Code Coverage

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/cake-contrib/Cake.ReSharperReports?branch=develop)

## Quick Links

- [Documentation](https://cake-contrib.github.io/Cake.ReSharperReports/)

## Discussion

If you have questions, search for an existing one, or create a new discussion on the Cake GitHub repository, using the `extension-q-a` category.

[![Join in the discussion on the Cake repository](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-Discussions-green?logo=github)](https://github.com/cake-build/cake/discussions)
